c:\Users\Dysanix\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BitcoinTracker\BitcoinTracker\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\Users\Dysanix\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BitcoinTracker\BitcoinTracker\obj\Debug\Settings.g.cs
c:\Users\Dysanix\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BitcoinTracker\BitcoinTracker\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\Users\Dysanix\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BitcoinTracker\BitcoinTracker\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\Users\Dysanix\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BitcoinTracker\BitcoinTracker\obj\Debug\BitcoinTracker_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\Users\Dysanix\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BitcoinTracker\BitcoinTracker\obj\Debug\BitcoinTracker_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\Users\Dysanix\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BitcoinTracker\BitcoinTracker\bin\Debug\BitcoinTracker.exe.config
c:\Users\Dysanix\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BitcoinTracker\BitcoinTracker\bin\Debug\BitcoinTracker.exe
c:\Users\Dysanix\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BitcoinTracker\BitcoinTracker\bin\Debug\BitcoinTracker.pdb
c:\Users\Dysanix\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BitcoinTracker\BitcoinTracker\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
c:\Users\Dysanix\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BitcoinTracker\BitcoinTracker\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\Dysanix\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BitcoinTracker\BitcoinTracker\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\Users\Dysanix\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BitcoinTracker\BitcoinTracker\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
c:\Users\Dysanix\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BitcoinTracker\BitcoinTracker\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
c:\Users\Dysanix\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BitcoinTracker\BitcoinTracker\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\Dysanix\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BitcoinTracker\BitcoinTracker\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\Users\Dysanix\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BitcoinTracker\BitcoinTracker\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\Users\Dysanix\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BitcoinTracker\BitcoinTracker\obj\Debug\Settings.baml
c:\Users\Dysanix\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BitcoinTracker\BitcoinTracker\obj\Debug\BitcoinTracker.g.resources
c:\Users\Dysanix\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BitcoinTracker\BitcoinTracker\obj\Debug\BitcoinTracker.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\Users\Dysanix\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BitcoinTracker\BitcoinTracker\obj\Debug\BitcoinTracker.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\Users\Dysanix\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BitcoinTracker\BitcoinTracker\obj\Debug\BitcoinTracker.exe
c:\Users\Dysanix\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BitcoinTracker\BitcoinTracker\obj\Debug\BitcoinTracker.pdb
C:\Users\Dysanix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BitcoinTracker\BitcoinTracker\obj\Debug\BitcoinTracker.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
